Cloud Co just dropped and it is a
superpower, but only if you know how to
use it correctly. It can even do things
that weren't possible before, like
automating boring tasks and learning
skills, saving you hours. And in this
video, I'm going to show you exactly how
to unlock its full capabilities using
skills that I've not seen anybody else
talking about so you can actually save
more time and make more money with your
business. And if you don't know who I
am, my name is Jack Roberts. I built and
sold my last tech startup with over
60,000 customers and now I run a very
profitable AI automation business. So if
you haven't already, grab that coffee
and let's dive straight in. Club Co is
called Code for work. Basically, it can
run multiple tasks at the exact same
time. It can automate stuff in your
browser, which is huge. Basically, it
can unlock different capabilities that
aren't accessible necessarily through an
API. Had this in my last business. It
can just do things for you in the
browser. On top of that, it can do it
while you're sat on the sofa drinking a
flat wine or playing Fortnite. Claude
can actually do this. So, you can do
other things while Claude co-workers
actually working for you and doing
things. And it also connects to many of
your apps via something called MCP,
which stands for model context protocol.
Basically, universal remote control lets
Claude pretty much talk to anything. And
also, generally speaking, it is safe.
There are certain things that you need
to be care of with the browser controls,
but I'll touch on that later. Now, this
obviously has also Claude Opus 4.6. So,
Claude's most powerful, most cable
model, but literally just dropped. And
it has a wonderful 1 million context
window, which means plenty of room to
chat and move around with. Now, how
about anti-gravity? Well, when you
compare Cloud Co-work with anti-gravity,
there is a little overlap. I'd suggest
that you think of them both like this.
Anti-gravity team is like hiring a
developer to build you custom software.
Whereas Cloud Co-work is like hiring an
assistant who uses your computer, your
files, your login and does the work for
you. They both automate workflows,
create documents, create context, but
anti-gravity builds your business tools
whereas co-work runs your business
dayto-day. There are certain number of
tasks where using anti-gravity is
unbelievably the better option and cloud
co-work excels at different things. So
they're fundamentally different
platforms, but there's a little bit of
overlap if you're wondering. So
anti-gravity is still this unbelievable
force of nature. Claude Co is just
something that we're adding to unlock
some new capabilities with some really
interesting use cases. Now the very best
way to understand Claude Co is to
actually use it to build something
practical that you're going to use. So
I'm going to show you across five
incredible use cases where the use cases
get better as they go on. Five being the
most incredible. And during that, I'll
show you all the really cool features
that sit within Claude Cowork. Starting
with how to access it. So, you're going
to come over to claude.com/d download to
download the Claude desktop app. And
then you're also going to need to be, I
believe, at least on the normal plan,
the individual plan, which is like $20 a
month. So, you can actually physically
use it. Now, when you download it, you
will appear and see something great that
looks something like this, which is why
skill number one is file management. And
so, the best thing to show you initially
is to show you how it works on your
laptop. Right? So, for example, if you
check out my desktop, it is a little bit
on the busy side. So, what we're going
to do now is actually get Claude to
organize some of this for us. And as you
can see at the top, we've got chat,
cowork, and code. So, let's just say I
want to tidy up my desktop. What I can
do is click on work in a folder. And
then we do is select the folder like
desktop right here. And then click down
and click on open. Then once you've done
that, it'll ask for confirmation. We
just click on allow. That's fine. And
then we can give it a prompt. And I
might say, "Hey Claude, could you do me
a favor? Could you go to my desktop,
grab me all of my images on the desktop
and put them in a images folder just
like that, right? Come down here and
say, "Let's go." And what code will do
then is just take these actions for you.
It's also a little side hack by the way.
Really good at finding lost files. Like
I actually lost a video file and I was
like, "You need to go and find it for
me. It's here somewhere." And it dug
through and found it out. It was really
excellent at that. And just like that,
guys, we can see all 50 PGs have been
moved to a new images folder. So, let's
just check out if that's happened. And
right there you can see I now have an
images folder with all 50 images on
there which is pretty crazy. So then you
can actually ask it questions about any
content your files. For example, I could
say hey I've got some information about
a niche that I'm interested in. It's
called business context on my desk my
desktop. Could you just check that out
and give me I don't know a two sentence
summary please send that one off and
they can go. Now core thing to
understand is when you're using clawed
co-work you always do it within the
folder. So you're deciding where it's
happening. That could be your desktop.
It could be your downloads or a specific
folder that you have there. So called
coowork will then go ahead and find that
folder for us and give us the answer.
And just like that the file covers the
speechto text transcription niche. And
again we can do this with any number of
files we want to. It has this kind of
full access. Now organizing files on
your desktop and talking to your
computer is one thing but we can take
this to a completely new level by
actually taking cloud co-work into our
browser which means that we can access
services and do automations that you
just literally cannot do for a simple
API call. Now to use this feature you
need to install Claude in your Chrome
browser. Chrome is the browser that
prefers to use. You can come down to
update going to come down here on the
right hand side to extensions and click
on uh visit web store or manage chrome
extensions if you've already got it. And
then here all you're going to do is
simply come in type in Claude and it
shall appear once you type its wonderful
name and then you just install it. Now,
when that's installed, you'll see this
little Claude thing here that exists.
And then when I click on that, Claude is
now almost in the browser with us,
hanging out and having a rock good time.
And we can ask it questions about
anything on the page generally, uh, what
we're doing, wherever we want to. So,
say for example, you're on any kind of
website and you want some help, you
could just click on this button here and
just say to Claude, "Hey there, help me
find the best laptop, which is a good
balance of quality and price." Throw
that one off there. And then now Claude
can follow you in any browser you do. It
will go through, it will come up with a
bit of a plan and then it will execute
on that plan and then give you the
information. Crucial point being here
though is that we can approve it and
then leave it and then go back over to
whatever it is we were doing over here
and we don't need to think about it and
then when we check back in, we can
actually get the results. So let's
actually give this an example of
something it could do in the browser for
us. Let's say for example, I wanted to
know what the sentiment was on my last
YouTube video. I could give it a prompt
that sounds something like this. Hey
dude, I want you to go over to the Jack
Roberts YouTube channel, check out the
latest video and just give me the TLDDR
of what the comments were on that video,
please. Like that. Really simple. In
plain English, I've done this. I'm going
to say, "Let's go." So, what Claude will
do now is open up Chrome, check the
channel out, bring that information back
to me, and I wouldn't need to do
anything. Now, we have like an API we
could use to scrape this, but there are
many circumstances in which you don't
necessarily have that ability to come
and API call something. And this is
where it gets really crazy. And when
Claude wants to go ahead and use your
browser, it will give you a prompt like
this. So you can say, do you want to
allow for this website? You can say
whatever you want to. We'll say that is
absolutely fine. Then you can see hands
off now. It's heading over to
youtube.com. Then it should go ahead and
search for my channel. And it will
almost almost like a ghost in the
browser do essentially anything you've
commanded to do, which is freaking epic.
Come back over to Claude, see what it's
up to, and it just kind of runs like
this basically without you touching
anything. And it can do all these tasks
sequentially for you. You can see he's
come back in. He's tapped in my name and
my channel should pop up. There I am.
And let's see exactly what it comes back
with. And you can see it gives you a
running commentary of everything it's
doing. Good. I can see more comments
now. Let me keep on scrolling. I can
come back over and see what it's doing.
And it's basically just on the web page
now scrolling and doing everything for
us. Okay. So, come down now. It's given
me a bit of a good overview. It's like
basically explained some stuff that's
happened here, the general hype, the
general feelings, which is cool. But
let's say for example, what's another
use case that you might use? Well, let's
say that you get a new lead into your
business, right? and you're like, "Okay,
someone's reached out to me. They want
to work with us." I might say something
like, "Hey, dude. I just had an inquiry
from a company called House of Coco in
Leeds. Do me a quick favor. Go research
them and then create me a document
that's no greater than 500 words. Save
it on my desktop about competitive
analysis. I want to know everything
about them. Uh, make it look great."
Something like that. I can just send
this off, fire it off, let it go, and
co-work for us in the background. And
just like that, it's completed it. We've
got everything we need. And so now I
should be able to click on this button
and open it up. and it's pulled up for
me on the right hand side, too. Plus,
I've got the doc saved me on the
homepage. So, it's just a really cool
interface for building documents and
pages and things like that on your
laptop. And you get Leads UK. It knew
that, which is fantastic. Come down and
you can see everything it's got on the
business. So, now we've covered how to
do everything on your laptop and in your
browser. The next thing we're going to
look at is how we can actually connect
Claude Co-work to your life. basically
like things like email and any other
services you have, which basically makes
it like a 500 IQ personal assistant that
you can use for pretty much anything.
And to do that, we're going to come over
and we're going to open up a brand new
tab. And I'll show you exactly what I
mean. So the way that this works here is
something called connectors. Okay? So
you're going to come down to this plus
here. And you can see you've got a few
different options. You've got include
project and you've got connectors. So
connectors are basically things that
Claude can connect to. So for instance,
I you can connect to Gmail search,
calendar search, whatever you want to.
But if you come down here to manage
connectors, you'll see a big list. You
can also access this in the settings
tab. But as you can see, you've got all
these different things. And there's a
whole uh store that you can browse at
the top here by clicking on browse
connectors. And this is the kind of if
you want Alexandria's library of cool
stuff that you could chat to if you want
to, which is awesome. For our purposes,
what we're going to connect to today is
we're going to two things to show how
cool this is. Number one is going to be
Gmail. So all we're going to do is click
on connect and we're going to click on
continue. We authorize the access and
look how easy the setup is. It opens up.
We click on continue. It asks us to sign
in right here to provide it with the
unique special code that it wants cuz it
wants to make ultra sure that it's fine.
You'll then be connected to Gmail. So we
can ask it questions about emails that
we've got. And then finally, once you've
authorized, you're going to come down
and click on continue. And then we'll be
fully connected over to cloud code,
which means we can now ask it questions
about that. So we're happy with that.
We'll click on continue. Once we come
back, we can see Gmail is connected. And
we can do the same thing with our
calendar, which I highly recommend
because then you have context on all
your meetings at the same time. So,
let's also connect that. And the cool
thing is you can also connect it to your
bank. And I did that and I asked it
questions about my bank, my
transactions. And actually, it was
profoundly helpful. I saw it break this
thing down for me. My accountant wants
to know XYZ. And it said, Jack, here's
all the information. You can even
connect to notion. It's just very, very
easy one-click connections here. And one
of the hacks as well, guys, is the Canva
one here. If you check this out, this is
actually crazy. You click on configure.
You can see what this can do. Now, it
can even create documents for you in
Canva. It is wild. I'll show you exactly
what I mean. But first, let's head back
over to co-work and go back to our
homepage. So, we're going to come down.
We're going to create a new task. So,
let's just ask it something about our
inbox. Hey dude, what was the last email
I had? What is the subject line of that
email? And then, what is the next
appointment in my calendar? Something
like this, right? Bam. So, that one
straight off. Very easy question for
Club Co to get there. Now, previously it
was the case that Gemini, the online
model, was the best one for this because
it was all naturally integrated, but
because it's so easy now to integrate
Gmail and Google calendar. This is a
complete no-brainer right now using
coowork. And there we go. It's found my
last email, which was someone's uh
downloaded my Gumroad thing. And also,
I've got appointment in the gym today,
2:15 p.m. Dubai, uh, which is going to
be great. That's happening tomorrow, I
think. So, you get just how powerful
this is. But what if I wanted to grab
something from Canva, but I didn't have
time? I could say something like, "Hey
dude, I want you to open up my Canva
designs. Uh, go to my latest design and
download for me the very first page as a
PDF and then save that for me on my
desktop. I would also like you to edit
it beforehand. Add some text in Monat
font that says this is great at the
bottom in a place that would kind of
make sense. In fact, why don't you just
re-edit the title of that to say Jack is
cool and then download as a PDF."
Awesome. Send that one off and then let
Claude work her work do the magic in the
background. And so look, it's starting.
Let me start by finding your latest
Canva design. It's having a look, which
is crazy. It's pulled everything up.
That is nuts. Look at this guys. Here it
says page one is currently cla work.
I'll now change it to Jack is cool. And
you can see it's asking for permission,
which we just granted. And I brought it
over here just so you can get a great
look of it. I'm always conscious about
making sure you can see everything
that's happening, which is wonderful.
And there we go, guys. The text on page
one now says Jack is cool. Let's see the
image. Uh we're going to open up the
link. Take a look. Jack is cool. That is
crazy good. That is insane. Yep.
download as PDF only do the first page.
I mean, this is literally nuts, guys.
Like, this is really cool, but it can do
this for pretty much anything that we
want to online with any services. So,
essentially now we're only really
limited by our imagination. Then, if I
come down to my downloads, you can see
I've got Jack is cool. It couldn't put
it on the desktop because it was in a
browser automation mode, but that was
just a silly request anyway. But, we
actually have it now. Just went to
Canva. It did editing changes in the
exact same file that I had and then
downloaded for me on my computer all by
itself, which is literally crazy. Will
say though, one of the kind of things
that it does need to get better at is
doing it quickly. At the moment, it can
be a little bit slow with things, which
is why I recommend that you create the
task, allow it for the things that
you're comfortable with, and just let
this run in the background and do as
many as you need to, and then you just
come back when you're ready to come and
get it, and it'll just run for you sort
of in the background. But I think the
speed is one thing. I hope that they do
increase over time. Awesome. So, the
next thing we can do is actually connect
Claude to our meeting. So, for example,
let's say you've got an AI meeting note
ticket. Let's say you've got and I know
they have these here. Fireflies.
Fireflies is the one that I use. You
could equally use something like Fathom.
They're just as good. I come down here.
Let's just log in very quickly. So, this
has been authorized, but the general
idea here is that these AI meeting not
takers join us for every call. And then
we have Claude that can reach over and
ask it questions based on whatever
information that we need. So you never
have to second guess what it is you're
actually talking about. So that's all
authorized. Let's you back over now to
Claude. And we're going to open Claude
back up. Come over here. Uh let's shut
this one down. And I believe that's
connected. We can always validate by
coming down here to connectors. And we
see Fireflies is enabled. So I'll say
something like, hey, what was the title
of my last meeting? Something like that.
So whatever we want to, it could be,
hey, what did John say about the net
revenue uh 6 months ago? It could be,
hey, what was that meeting with 77? But
what are my actions from this thing?
Now, check. This is where it gets really
crazy. Check this out. We're going to
allow that to do that. And look at this,
guys. Your last meeting was Glider
Weekly, which took 56 minutes. But this
is where it gets crazy. I'm going to
say, "Awesome." I'm going to say, "Grab
me my actions and create a new notion
doc with those in something like that."
Right? So, now we can actually leverage
multiple MCPS at the exact same time.
So, not only is it now using information
to grab my actions, it's then going to
go ahead and actually update that in
notion. Meaning, you don't even need to
touch either of those platforms, it can
all be done within Claude Co. Just like
that, it says it's done it very, very
quickly. Actually, this is very quick.
So, let's open up this action. Have a
look. Let's click on this and see what
it does. So, it's open a new notion
link. And just like that, guys, it's
actually physically done this for us.
It's got all my actions from the
meeting, everybody's actions per meeting
actually, and put it in notion. Again, I
could have actually do anything, but you
can see the capabilities now of what we
can do with these different connections
within Claude Co. And then if I
anonymize the information, one of the
cool things we can do is highlight this
text and be like, "Hey, Glido, add an
emoji per bullet point such that if I
were to post this into notion, it would
look great." And then once we've done
that, we can give it the prompt, get the
information with the with the actual
emojis, cuz guys, we are nothing without
our emojis these days. And so now we've
mastered the ability to connect Claude
code to your world. The next thing we
want to do is understand any repetitive
task that you do in your business and
think about ways that Claude Co-work can
actually enshrine these processes into
something called a skill. And this skill
once we define it and make it incredible
is something that Claude Co-work can use
whenever you're talking to it in the
future. So what I recommend you do at
this point is think of anything that you
find yourself doing or your team finds
itself doing on a regular basis and then
turn that into a skill. So why don't we
take an example of let's take my YouTube
channel for instance, right? What if we
took my transcript and then what we did
is we turned that into a newsletter in
whatever style we want to. So maybe
that's something that I know a lot of
people do. So why don't we give that as
an example? So I might say, hey there, I
would like you to follow the blur
processes and when you get an outcome
that I'm happy with, we're both going to
turn this into a skill that you're going
to save. So, what I would like you to do
is to go over to my latest video or a
video URL that I provide to you on the
Jack Roberts YouTube channel. I'd like
you to grab the transcript and then I
want you to turn that into basically a
newsletter email. Okay, beautiful. Send
that one off. Let it do his work. Then
we're going to send it off. And I
suggest what we do is we need to think
of a few different things separately
because typically speaking, the more
tasks that we give to an AI, the worse
it performs. So, I want we're going to
break this down step by step. We're
going to do the email title. Then we're
going to do probably the first sentence
and then we're going to do the the rest
of the email on the bottom. Okay,
awesome. And then send that one off.
Equally, by the way, this could be done
with LinkedIn posts. This could be
Instagram post. This could include image
generation and we could reach over to
Canva create documents which I think
probably makes good sense. So why don't
we as part of this actually include some
aspect that would be very very
interesting. So then CL's come back and
ask a question. We'll say hey just
search my latest which is cool. Uh what
time? Well, we're about casual and
conversational over here on the Jack
Roberts YouTube channel. And again,
we're looking more entrepreneurs and
founders, which is great. And I think
medium length would be wonderful. Cool.
So, we specified this. We can then go
back and forth. We can do anything we
want to and even give our own specific
tone of voice, which is ace. The cool
thing here as well is that we can
actually specify where we want
information. So, I can trigger Claude to
do something and then essentially I can
say when it's done, I want this to be
live in this Google folder here or
create me an email with that and send it
to me. So, we get to be specific about
how we trigger it, what the actual skill
is, and then where the end destination
is, meaning that it's just way simpler
for you. And this is doing something
really interesting. I want to double
click on that. So, this isn't finding
the transcript on my YouTube page. So,
which is completely fine. And it's
saying, "Let me use YouTube
transanscript.com." So, Claude will use
these different services if you want to.
There's also another thing you can do,
which is use direct API calls. So, check
this out. I can hit stop on this and I
can be like, "Hey there, dude. I want
you to use the YouTube API service to
pull the transcript and information
whenever I'm asking you to do things
like this. Use the below API key. All
right, so this can work for any kind of
API call that you're doing. I can enter
my API key and hit enter. And this is an
API key I got from
console.cloud.google.com.
I appreciate that might be a little bit
technical for some people. It's actually
dead straightforward. I'll show you how
that works if you're interested. And
this will work for any YouTube API
service. You come over here, click on a
new project like so. Give that a second
and all of a sudden we call it here
we'll call this one hey like so and then
click on create. Cool. And this creates
a brand new project. And within this
project we can create many different uh
APIs. Basically the one that we're most
interested in if you're YouTube is
actually the YouTube API. So once that's
done we click on select project which is
fine. Then all we do at the top is
basically search for things. So I'm
going to come down and go for YouTube
and it should be YouTube data API v3.
Cool. Click on this one. Awesome. Give
this a hot second. And even if you don't
want to do YouTube, knowing how this
works will be very valuable for you. I
just click on enable, which is great.
Once that's done, we can just add some
API keys in and then you're basically
ready to rock and roll. Then once that's
activated, you come down here to
credentials on the left hand side. When
that's loaded up, you're going to go for
API keys and you're going to click on uh
create credentials at the top and create
API key. And then once you've clicked
create API key, you'll see it there. You
copy it and then you can leverage the
full YouTube stuff and anything else you
want to within Google Cloud. And then
when I come back, you can see got it
much better approach. Let me use the
YouTube API directly. So, this is a cool
thing about Glad Coowwork. We can give
it API calls that it can do for us
dynamically for any of the skills that
we give it. Cool. And just like that,
we've now got the full transcript,
48,739
characters. I did a lot of yapping in
that video. So, then it asked us what we
want for the title. So, for example, I
would say something like, hey, so the
rules for the title is it must create
curiosity or be something that adds
value. We want to keep the title fairly
short. Everything needs to be lowercase.
And I think in many cases you can just
lean on exactly what the YouTube um
title actually is. Something like that,
right? Boom. Send that off. Again, now
we're building up these different rules
so it'll work for us autonomously. Let's
come back here and just say always
capitalize the I again. And even if this
was like 99% done, it will be an email
ready to rock and roll all the way
through. It's asking us through a
question about how we want the emails to
look. So this is great if you can
actually feed Claude examples of your
writing style. So it kind of knows
exactly how it is that you write. So,
I'm going to provide that to it so it
knows my kind of style. So, if I come
over to the community, I want to get a
sense of my writing style. I can come
over and grab uh some examples of how I
write, right? So, it understands my
style, how it feels. Come back over to
Claude real quick and just say, "Hey,
dude, I'm going to give you some
examples of text that I write. And I
want you to create a writing style for
me based on that." Okay. So, then I'm
going to come down and just say example
one. Cool. Drop that in. Come back over
and then just basically come and grab
loads of examples. So then after giving
that is asking for some clarific
questions. So we could say hey number
one sounds great. Just some general
notes on how my communication style I
want it to be shorter rather than longer
personable and I think we want kind of
like almost like one sentence and a
space and another sentence as we go
down. Cool. Then what we're going to say
is then write the rest of the email.
Keep it medium length. Don't make it too
long. Make it valueled. Use emojis where
appropriate. Um and then show me an
example full draft. Sweet. And then what
we can do obviously is just feed it all
the examples. It just builds it in your
style. And then once that's done, we can
then enshrine this into a skill, which
means that the next time, for example, I
do a video, I can just get it to create
for me a wonderful email that I can then
send off and integrate with all my
services. You can see guys, it's come
back with, I think, a really good
example of my writing style. So, I've
given a bit of information, a bit of
feedback about what it should look like,
and I've just added a little bit of the
CTA if they want to come and join the
community, which I'll just provide it
very quickly. Uh, let's grab this right
here. But again, this is you build it.
The idea of this is that you build it
once and then once it's built, it's
done. Right? So there we go. Send that
one off there. And so guys, what I'm
going to say now is to turn this into a
HTML file so that you and I can use as
part of the skill. We can just then copy
that, drop it into our email editor and
send off to anybody we want to. Then
once we get the HTML file, it looks a
little bit something like this. But if
we don't want HTML, we could say, "Hey
dude, I just want it in this plain
document, uh, like normal text that I
could copy and paste into the body of an
email, please." And then just have the
title of it above and save that to my
computer. So basically, you can pretty
much decide exactly how you want the
output to be with Claude Co-work. We
check this text file out. You can see
there's the full email in my own
particular tone of voice. But the real
magic now happens, guys, when we turn
this into a skill. So let's bring this
over here and have a little chat with
him. Okay, awesome. Based on this entire
process of grabbing a YouTube video or
being provided with a YouTube URL and
then turning it into an email in my own
tone of voice and saving it as a text
file on my computer, I want you to
create a skill using your create a
skills skill. Um, so you can do this
replicably in the future for me. We send
that one off. So again, the idea is that
we pick a single process. We then just
enshrine that into a skill, meaning that
we save time in everything we're doing.
And remember, this is a co-work. This is
a co-working agent that is in the doing
of the thing. Anti-gravity is the
building of the software. Anti-gravity
is a giant with this stuff. I actually
asked anti-gravity to scrap all my
transcripts. I gave my API key and it
did it within like 45 seconds. It was
crazy. The way I want to think of cloud
co-work is more as something that's
working alongside you in the doing of
the things you're doing right now and
need to do right now is a real cool
cloud co-work use case and it's come
back with a suggested flow of how it
wants to do everything. It's got the
workflow steps which is awesome. Does
that look right? You basically summarize
over it and you say that looks awesome.
Please go ahead and just like that guys
we've now got the skills been created.
We can see here phase one is find the
video pop transcript. Phase two is
step-by-step drafting title option,
opening lines, full email body. Then
stage three is to save as a plain text
file that we can then copy and paste.
And you can do this with any skill that
you would like. So now you understand
how to use skills to automate different
parts of the business. We can take this
now one step further in level five by
looking at Claude Co plugins. So in
Claude's own words, skills are
instruction files that teach Claude how
to do a task well. In other words, go to
YouTube channel, grab something,
download it. Plugins are installable
packages that give Claude new
capabilities that they can bundle
together things like MCP servers just
complicated language for how we connect
things to different things tools skills
into one really key important detail
here sharable plug-in file. So for
example we've done it now for YouTube we
could do one for LinkedIn we could do
one for Instagram we could do one for X.
Now they would all be five different
skills that together come part of one
plugin. Now, the best way to understand
this is you can create your own plugins
if you wanted to. So, I could say, "Hey,
do me now a LinkedIn skill. Do me an X
skill." Then I could say, "Bundle these
five skills together into a plugin. But
one of the best ways to understand it is
actually to take a look at some of the
inbuilt plugins so you can see exactly
what I mean." So, if I come down here to
the plus, going to come down here, we're
going to click on add plugins. And we've
got about five or six as default here.
buyer research, customer support, triage
tickets, draft responses, escalate
issues, data, enterprise research, uh
finance, legal, marketing, product
management, productivity, and sales. So,
you can pick anyone you want to. Say,
for example, we want to come down to
productivity. We're just going to click
on install that plug-in. And then you
can see you can manage it now in the top
right hand side. So, when we load this
page up, you can see it's got a list of
commands like set up my task and memory
system, catch me up on my triage
systems, all this sort of stuff, right?
But what's really cool is the
connectors. So you can see how it's got
connections to all of these different
product management softwares, right?
ClickUp and Monday and Alassian, Asa,
notion. So we can bundle all together
these different connections like we may
want a connection to notion and a
connection to Gmail. And you bundle all
these things together and then
underneath that it's got the skills
memory management, task management. So
we might have in ours uh LinkedIn
content creation, we have email content
creation. We can bundle all together
these different skills plus all the
connectors into the plugin and then we
can share that with our team or with our
communities. Now, understanding plugins
include co-work, but if you don't
understand how to leverage anti-gravity,
its design systems, its business
systems, you're never going to fully
leverage the capabilities on offer for
your business. And you can learn those
by watching this video right